Add tutorials folder (#9)
NVIDIA-Merlin/publications: tutorials/KDD2022tutorial/README.md

  
To address these challenges on building recommender systems, NVIDIA developed an open source framework, called [Merlin](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Merlin). Merlin consists of a set of libraries and tools to help RecSys practitioners build models and pipelines easily and more efficiently. [Merlin Models](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Merlin/models) provides modularized building blocks that can be easily connected to build classic and state-of-the-art models. It offers flexibility at each stage: multiple input processing/representation modules, different layers for designing the model’s architecture, prediction heads, loss functions, negative sampling techniques [4], among others. 
  

> In this hands-on tutorial, participants will start with data preparation using [NVTabular](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Merlin/NVTabular)- an open-source feature engineering and preprocessing library designed to quickly and easily manipulate large scale datasets. Participants will then work on modeling with Merlin Models library, building the fundamental recommendation models such as MF [3] and then transitioning to more complex deep learning-based models for candidate retrieval [5][6] and ranking [7][8]. In each iteration, we will demonstrate the seamless integration between data preparation and model training. Over the span of this tutorial, participants will learn the fundamentals of recommender systems modeling and how to build a two-stage recommender system easily using open source Merlin libraries.

Reviewer: maybe change `deep learning-based`  to `deep-learning based`

## Tutorial Outline

> The tutorial will cover how to iterate over performing GPU accelerated feature engineering and preprocessing using Merlin [NVTabular](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Merlin/NVTabular), and building and training  a two-stage recommender system with [Merlin Models](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Merlin/models). Two-stage recommender system will consist of candidate retrieval stage with MF [3] and Two-Tower models [9], and ranking stage including  deep learning-based ranking models [7], [8]. We will use a publicly available dataset to teach these concepts on a small scale, but participants can apply the same code to large scale data tasks. Participants will gain hands-on experience in this tutorial, and take this knowledge back to their organizations to build custom accelerated recommender systems models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tutorial will cover how to iterate over performing GPU accelerated feature engineering and preprocessing using Merlin [NVTabular](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Merlin/NVTabular), and building and training  a two-stage recommender system with [Merlin Models](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Merlin/models). Two-stage recommender system will consist of a candidate retrieval stage with MF [3] and Two-Tower models [9], and a ranking stage including deep learning-based ranking models [7], [8]. We will use a publicly available dataset to teach these concepts on a small scale, but participants can apply the same code to large scale data tasks. Participants will gain hands-on experience in this tutorial, and take this knowledge back to their organizations to build custom accelerated recommender systems models.
```

- [2] Even Oldridge and Karl Byleen-Higley. 2022. Recommender Systems, Not Just
Recommender Models. Retrieved June 7, 2022 from https://medium.com/nvidia-
merlin/recommender-systems-not-just-recommender-models-485c161c755e
- [3] Yehuda Koren et al . 2009. Matrix factorization techniques for recommender
systems. Computer 42, 8 (2009), 30–37.
- [4] Steffen Rendle et al. 2009. BPR: Bayesian Personalized Ranking from Implicit
Feedback. In Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial
Intelligence (Montreal, Quebec, Canada) (UAI ’09). AUAI Press, Arlington, Virginia,
USA, 452–461.
- [5] Paul Covington et al . 2016. Deep Neural Networks for YouTube Recommendations.
In Proceedings of the 10th ACM Conference on Recommender Systems (Boston,
Massachusetts, USA) (RecSys ’16). Association for Computing Machinery, New
York, NY, USA, 191–198. https://doi.org/10.1145/2959100.2959190
- [6] Jiaqi Ma et al . 2020. Off-Policy Learning in Two-Stage Recommender Systems.
Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 463–473. https:
//doi.org/10.1145/3366423.3380130
- [7] Naumov Maxim et al . 2019. Deep Learning Recommendation Model for Per-

> sonalization and Recommendation Systems. Retrieved March 23, 2022 from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [7] Naumov Maxim et al . 2019. Deep Learning Recommendation Model for Personalization and Recommendation Systems. Retrieved March 23, 2022 from
```

https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.00091
- [8] Ruoxi Wang et al . 2021. DCN V2: Improved Deep & Cross Network and Practical
Lessons for Web-Scale Learning to Rank Systems. In Proceedings of the Web
Conference 2021 (Ljubljana, Slovenia) (WWW ’21). Association for Computing
Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1785–1797. https://doi.org/10.1145/3442381.
3450078
- [9] Xinyang Yi et al . 2019. Sampling-Bias-Corrected Neural Modeling for Large
Corpus Item Recommendations. In Proceedings of the 13th ACM Conference on
Recommender Systems (Copenhagen, Denmark) (RecSys ’19). Association for
Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 269–277. https://doi.org/10.1145/
3298689.3346996
 - [10] [Benedikt Schifferer et al. 2020. GPU Accelerated Feature Engineering and Train-
ing for Recommender Systems. In Proceedings of the Recommender Systems Chal-
lenge 2020 (Virtual Event, Brazil) (RecSysChallenge ’20). Association for Com-

> puting Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 16–23. https://doi.org/10.1145/3415959.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [10] [Benedikt Schifferer et al. 2020. GPU Accelerated Feature Engineering and Training for Recommender Systems. In Proceedings of the Recommender Systems Challenge 2020 (Virtual Event, Brazil) (RecSysChallenge ’20). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 16–23. https://doi.org/10.1145/3415959.
```

3415996
- [11] Chris Deotte et al . 2021. GPU Accelerated Boosted Trees and Deep Neural Net-
works for Better Recommender Systems. In RecSysChallenge ’21: Proceedings of
the Recommender Systems Challenge 2021 (Amsterdam, Netherlands) (RecSysChal-
lenge 2021). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 7–14.

> https://doi.org/10.1145/3487572.3487605

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [11] Chris Deotte et al . 2021. GPU Accelerated Boosted Trees and Deep Neural Networks for Better Recommender Systems. In RecSysChallenge ’21: Proceedings of the Recommender Systems Challenge 2021 (Amsterdam, Netherlands) (RecSysChallenge 2021). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 7–14. https://doi.org/10.1145/3487572.3487605
```
